hey everybody welcome back northernlion
the binding of issac entereth plus what
more do you need what more can you say
what'd you say this is how this is
lameee prof exercise to start out every
episode just rapid-fire references as if
Oh an Isaac run now we can get serious
old uh-oh jabo slide zeros in this one
you know what they say you three zeros
makes one hero look at the quick think
of a superhero as three O's in his name
Thor Thor Thor alright let's get going
here the last run was I wish this item
was better these sinks is just so much
cooler anyway the last run was like
pretty close to a 10 out of 10 if it had
more HP earlier would have been a 10 out
of 10 but it was still like a super easy
win by the time you got Judas to shatter
to pop and it was nice because again
recording this one right after like I'm
still out of practice I've been been
away from the game for a week you know
just because we had one run in which we
succeeded while having 70 damage doesn't
necessarily mean we're good to go here
all things considered I would imagine
anyway so I'm hoping to keep things
going here I wish I had more like
anecdotes I really don't have more
anecdotes from my time away though
there's it was it was a domestic trip I
actually did a little embarrassing but
what did I do with my time away well you
know my parents mostly were hanging out
they had the week off as well so they
were just watching like a bunch of
they're really into these like
Scandinavian crime shows on Netflix and
I'm not against it you know it's it's
oftentimes very good like we watched
this Swedish movie called a man called
Alva and I did implicitly say it in that
voice for some reason which I apologize
for um which is not a crime movie but I
was like this is good this is a good
movie I never would have seen were not
for their influence
they are like watching a lot of those so
now
I really want to watch you know like 12
episodes of case so instead I spent a
lot of time it's kind of programming as
lame as that might sound to you to go on
vacation and then you know spend a lot
of time writing code that's basically
what happened and I wrote like it's bad
I want to put that out there and it may
or may not ever see the light of day but
it is actually technically probably
releasable I made a game with the name
Tomo Quest using you know prolific use
of free assets from the unity asset
store just basically like a really
really rudimentary endless runner that
took me an embarrassingly long time to
cobble together and it doesn't it
doesn't like look or play that well but
my god it actually first off runs on my
phone which is a huge milestone for me
I've never deployed anything to my own
phone before and then been able to play
it and then show with the people Israel
hey check this out I made this and I'm
like no no is not but you don't
understand this is an important step to
be able to do that and then also like it
just works it has like a UI you can use
buttons to navigate to the mode you want
to play and then you can play it and
then you can hit restart and continue to
play it it's got a high score list I
wrote myself despite the fact that you
should never do that surely there's
plugins that can just do that for you
and instead I'm you know writing my own
lists in the in the background every
time you finish a run and get a score oh
my god it's just like make me work for
it a little bit here so yeah I don't
know if that's ever gonna like come out
people are very nice people go I want to
play it you don't know anything about it
you she'll it's I don't mean to be rude
but it's bad it's if I got a code for
Tamil quests in my email had no personal
connection to it I would make fun of it
I would be like and you know maybe
that's reflects poorly on me in the
first place whether it's bad but it's
possible that you know with a little bit
of polish I'm I could be convinced
and in this case it really is just a
little bit of Polish
because it's like it's going to make it
a ten it'll make it like a 1 and that
that maybe is good enough I might
release it for free on you know a niche
geo page or something like that
we'll see it really would only be
interesting to play as a as a curiosity
but yeah that was pretty much like half
of how I spent my vacation there wasn't
it wasn't intentional it wasn't like I
went into the vacation being like I got
to make a game I just sort of like you
know on Monday day or yeah it was it was
Monday on Monday I just sort of got a
legal pad and some paper and was like
you know what kind of projects could I
work on here for a few days just to pass
the time and then you know I sketched
out an idea and then I made it work and
then at the end of like two days it was
playable and I was like I might as well
just I'm still here might as well just
keep trying to make it a little bit
better so yeah and it was also a great
reminder that even like the worst games
you've ever played as long as they
worked like a lot of a lot of work went
into them anyway so that's it'll happen
perhaps at some point you'll see that
either way it's a milestone for me so
I'm I'm kind of like nerdily like really
pleased with myself so this is a tough
situation we're in such a good spot
regardless but do you take too ality
followed by Abaddon that's probably like
position a do you take Abaddon reroll
duality and then hope to get something
else in the in the duality slot that's a
little better even knowing you're going
to play play black arts or pay black
cards for it or do you reroll both of
these I think you probably go position a
I don't really like duality that much to
be honest sin Viktor and I disagree on
many items he told me duality is like a
ten out of ten I disagree with him he's
not well I mean he might be wrong but I
hesitate to say he's wrong because it's
not like sin Victor's like a two out of
ten Isaac player you know he's had
triple digit streaks as well just a
different playstyles or different things
you're looking for I suppose but I don't
see it at all he also told me coupon is
like a ten out of ten because it helps
to get free deals with the devil and I'm
out see you buddy but
I took his word for it for a while and
ended up getting burned myself I think
just just thinking that it was good but
again different strokes for different
folks it's possible he over rates those
as possible ion to rate them it's
possible
perhaps that both are happening at the
same time we are disparate individuals
for their own tastes and preferences as
we head downwards here I don't feel bad
about this because you're going to be
like and now these runs are too easy
it's like comical how easy they are yeah
but i'm these are the perfect runs for
being out of practice like yeah do we
have an above average rate of fire maybe
close to triple our usual damage for
this point of the game and 2020 as well
effectively doubling not only our rate
of fire but also the damage we do as
well well that one's mildly Falls that's
that's a spirit of spurious claim
because I don't think 2020 doubles your
your rate of fire or damage it's sorted
does because the shots aren't far away
but it's probably more like you know 1.8
or something but if you're talking
integers and not floats then okay sure
although like the if you cast a a float
as an integer does it get truncated or
rounded this see that's like a job
interview question I don't know that one
all I know is the sound it makes when it
takes a man's life okay now I don't want
power pill
puberty's fine question marks are
irrelevant you know what get out of your
Tower card that's that's our new dumping
ground in that room so it is pretty much
impossible for us to lose this run it's
it's also I know that we've been having
a lot of Isaac runs have been very fast
lately
and it's it's not my intention to be
speeding through these the problem
becomes you know if your run is even
like mildly glass cannon II you just
can't fight hush and you know you
probably don't want to fight delirium
but you have to expect delirium will not
show up anyway except in situations
where it seems like you definitely
shouldn't do it there by you know giving
you the Sophie's Choice of the whole
situation that was just god-awful damage
so it's kind of hard not to go fast when
you're when your stats are ballin like
this
that's what I'm trying to say but this
floor definitely you know we got to item
rooms left one shop keep an eye out for
steam sales shorty something one shut up
see it's not a good reference - nas nas
can I tell you something my parents are
and I'm les this be seen I know some
people you know they didn't have great
up rings or they have other reasons to
disparage their parents I'm not
disparaging my parents at all what I am
though is mining their experience or
humor and I hope that if they ever saw
this they would feel the same way but my
parents are uniquely just mildly out of
touch technologically in ways that are
hilarious to me let me explain first off
I had to set up their wireless printer
for them that's I think a fairly common
story you know what I had to do I had to
enter the Wi-Fi password into the
wireless printer you know no harm no
foul they can both drive a stick-shift
than I can but I just thought it was
funny I was like if you entered your
wireless password and they're like we
don't know and I was like alright I got
like a 99% confidence that I can solve
this problem for you so that wasn't that
was nice and it worked out the other
thing is here's how my parents listened
to music in the car they have all their
music loaded like the car has a hard
drive that it can play from for its
stereo what they do is they play the
music alphabetically starting at letter
A and then just going through the whole
collection I think I'd rather re-roll
the library again going through the
whole collection based on song name so
you know starts and it's like you know
Alabama woman Mississippi man and I'm
just I'm trying to think of songs at all
basically it took like four days for us
to get from the A's to the B's and then
the second thing it was like this is a
rudimentary so at least have a playlist
or you know play by artist or something
this is you're really going through your
whole collection letter by letter that's
like a gargantuan task
but then they and I don't blame them for
this because you know I don't have a
music collection I just have Google Play
I'm limited or whatever which I think
they should give us for free is YouTube
partners but I digress anyway so the put
enough that YouTube Partner means
anything in this day and age I guess but
anyway the point is my music collection
might have one was disorganized as well
but they have duplicates so it'll play
like you know back in the USSR and then
it'll go into the next track and it'll
be like den nnnn and you're like oh it's
back in the USSR again and then do it
again it would be like okay so third
time is back in the USSR and then you'll
hear dananananana and you're like oh
this is back in the USSR live so
sometimes it would take like four or
five oh it's got to be real old baby I
love you way but I'm gonna reroll you
anyway is okay yeah that's more like it
um certainly I will take the Steam sale
but yeah so you'd end up you'd hear a
song and then you'd hear like the
opening couple of bars of it many many
times in a row I thought that was very
funny I didn't bring it up to them
because that's a problem that I don't
want to I don't want them to be aware of
if they're content with it then that's
cool I don't want to be involved in the
solution process for that because it's
gonna be like oh what do you do oh well
rip all the music out of your car and
then what you do is you're gonna like
you know plug a USB Drive into your
computer and you're only going to drag
in you know like unique songs not
duplicates and no just one day I will be
there I'm sort of already there to the
extent that I only listen to like two
albums and for a while I would do that
like I would go to youtube like YouTube
of Brian Eno's ambien one music for
airports you know I didn't say it out
loud is I'm not a hundred but we got
here but my parents they have crossed I
realize I'm talking a lot about my
parents these episodes but I hope that
it's like you know it's my nipple for
humor in a way that's inoffensive but
also
love lifting in many ways you know a
good tale of the domestic situation gone
right is that another puberty you know
it's reported our energy so good if I
can find our library again on this curse
of the lost but there'd amnesia when I
was a kid and a lot of people I'm
assuming that are around the same age as
me and a little bit older I guess will
be able to relate to this not worth it
worth it although anything that gets hit
is probably going to die anyway also
worth it anyway we the way you used to
get movies as you go to a video rental
store like a blockbuster or a jumbo
video by the way in my hometown there
was a there were many blockbusters one
of them has been rented out and has
become something else the other one has
been out of business since like 2008 and
has not become anything else still just
a weird old blockbuster with like the
the reels on the windows and stuff like
that but anyway you go to the video
store how do you how do you know your
parents are paying the bills so they're
in charge of taking most of the movies
least this way it worked in my house how
do they choose what movie to watch I
don't know about you guys my parents
would like look at the cover of a movie
and then be like this looks good enough
to read the back audience peer at our
what good could it be right and then
they were to read the back and they'd be
like this sounds good now you end up
watching some movies that are actually
good you know probably that's how we saw
Slingblade or something like that
fling play is a great film we also ended
up watching like a lot of trash and to
their credit they stuck with that style
for a long time you know even they would
be on Netflix as of a few years ago and
they would be like we're going to like
just look at the descriptions of things
and see if they're good and it you know
as a hipster effectively I was like you
should really look at the adjusted metal
score and but anyway you should go to
Dan G fling comm slash movies and see
what everybody's favorite Big Brother
contestant thought of it
but no now they obviously going to take
the luck upgrade even at the cost of the
spear at hard loss but now they look
stuff up on Netflix on their TV because
they have they have a smart TV which
I'll admit that I don't even really know
what that means it's a TV with apps I
guess it's strange to me which means
that I'm a hundred but anyway they to
steam sales that's the dream right there
now we really want to go to the hush
fight they find something that looks
good on Netflix and then they look it up
on Rotten Tomatoes which I know not
everybody man we got all the damage
multipliers and they're all I mean after
the first one they're not that good I
understand people have a problem with
Rotten Tomatoes trust me I understand
that it's not you know if something gets
100% it's the greatest movie ever made
it just means it's very likeable at at a
minimum but it's way better than just
like looking at the box and being like
you know all this movies got Danny
DeVito winner die like that guy now how
the heck did we end up watching Seth
MacFarlane's a million ways to die in
the West with this methodology I don't
know it's got like a 33 percent on
Rotten Tomatoes but I digress that's
that's a story for another day
so they have they're using the tools at
their disposal
I don't have anything really more to say
you know what's funny is that you might
think that I have like so got the adult
transformation you might think that I
have like some sense of superiority but
I really don't because I had to print
something out so you know if for two
days I felt superior like oh I'm still
hip and with technology I know how to
install a wireless printer by putting in
the Wi-Fi password like three days later
I was like hey mom can I use your
printer she was like yeah no problem
which makes sense because I mean what
did I use like you know 20 cents where
the ink but anyway the point is takes
takes all kinds you know we all got
something to offer here I'll admit I'm a
little out of touch technologically
speaking I think I'm a little out of
touch technologically speaking mostly
because I'm on like a Canadian data plan
we don't get unlimited data up here
although it's starting to relax a little
bit which is nice it's not because we
live in the frozen north it's because
you know we have like a
Telecommunications Oleg ah Polly that
you know keeps us keeps the man you know
fingers around our throats here but so I
I don't I guess the thing that's most
related to my industry that I don't
understand is I RL streaming that is
something where I'm like I don't quite
become the people who are like why would
anybody watch anybody play video games
you know I don't get to that level I'm
more on the other side of I'm like he's
yellow streamers like you got to take
some time to not be on camera and I'm
not telling you how to run your business
because you know your audience way
better than I do but at the same time
when people are like hey we're doing an
IRL stream it's me eating dinner at this
you know Mexican restaurant out in town
I'm like that scares me dude how long
until like you live your whole life in
the public eye like I like the division
of labor that we've got going on here I
make videos I try to be entertaining in
the videos and I do the streams of
course and
strength code we're not going to need
that well we've really been more than
hoggle ah use your brain for two seconds
here okay and I try to be entertaining
and then the video goes up and you know
you either like it or you don't like it
but you know that's that and then I you
know at some point usually like a little
later than my wife would like stop
working for the day and I go you know
take care of my household chores without
a camera being on me without you know
being forced to be funny and stuff like
that or to try to be funny at least and
I like that I admire the ability to
admire is not the right word I cherish
the ability to sometimes be away from
the prying eyes of the internet even if
it is a futile endeavor
it's our third Steam sale so I mean I
feel like we should try to re-roll it
well see if that comes to fruition but
like when people IRL stream like not not
everybody IRL streams like their whole
life
some people they you know if you die RL
stream like I hate saying that
expression over and over but if you IRL
stream like eight hours then you got
eight hours off that's different but you
know when you like okay I'm going out
with my friend that you dinner and then
you stream it oh my god are you really
eating dinner with your friend or are
you like making a product at that point
and how does that make you feel I'm not
saying you're like exploiting anybody
I'm just I'm saying at the end of the
day like don't you feel like you're
trapped in some kind of like content
prison of your own creation and do you
feel like you have to do it because of
the because you know that's that's the
way to pay the bills or you like you
want to do it like you want to live your
whole life to this degree of you know
the lack of any kind of anonymity I
guess is what I'm trying to say we're
getting into some this is like highly
inside baseball at this point but that's
that's where I'm out of touch I think
that in like to some extent I don't
understand Instagram and I think that
the if you're a little younger than me a
little too a lot younger than me
as younger of me as you can be you
probably are just lay this is like a
photo sharing app but like I it's not
just a photo sharing app right like
there's a culture like you can get like
a lot of followers on Instagram just for
having a nice but is my experience it's
not like that's not the case on YouTube
I mean like lord knows I slept my way to
the top at the top of the middle please
but no like it's just it's not that I
don't get it because I mean I get it you
know butts have been a driving force in
popularity for millions and millions of
years but it seems like there's a lot of
like but related content coming from
Instagram maybe that's just maybe that's
ignorant of me maybe that's all I see is
the but related content maybe that says
something for me it says something about
me rather I mean there's some there's
some choices here we didn't take the
halo of life so I think we should not
take sorry we didn't take the attack fly
so I think we should not take halo flies
because Beelzebub is less likely to show
up as a result anyway here so instead I
took dark bomb and I mean we probably
would have been safe to take dark bomb
anyway but it is also still very good
and we found a use for strength here in
giving us a little bit of a leg up on
the competition like I don't really I'm
just saying I don't get Instagram that
that's about it
I sort of get it well I don't know I
sort of like don't get Facebook anymore
Facebook if you're if you're a little on
the younger side and I had to preface a
lot of my conversations with that over
the course of this episode but you know
I was a I was a freshman in college when
Facebook opened its doors to people that
didn't just have a edu email addresses
so Facebook was still like new and fresh
you'd like you be at a party and you'd
meet somebody and you would be like I'm
going to add you on facebook and then
you add them and you'd be like oh my god
I know way too much about this person
this is awesome
and we're sharing photos and like you're
clicking the like button while I was
five for the you know the creation of
the like button as well the point is
like at that point it was like this is
awesome it was like exactly the right
age to for Facebook to be popping off
and now I only see two kinds of posts on
my facebook the one kind of post is
political and I'm sure you're all
experiencing those even whether you live
in the US or overseas I promise you
you're seeing them the other one is my
friends and and spouses of friends who
have had babies just post like a lot of
mommy stuff like and I'm not saying in
like the fetish sort of way you sickos
rather you just like you won't believe
this you know life hack that turns your
crib into a full service diaper changing
station and I'm like there is like some
there's a mafia like El Cosa Nostra on
Facebook of moms sharing tips and that's
cool people disparage that and I'm
disparaging it because like you know I
don't want to see that but I can choose
not to see that you know if you're
posting pictures of your kids I can be
like you know unfollow or whatever it
doesn't matter
I think it's cool it like you know if
you're if you're a young mom you know
maybe you're like well you if you're my
age you're like twenty eight not all
your friends have babies at this point
and you got to spend a lot of time with
your baby that's something a babies
they're a selfish they're an exit to
this other still this guy there's a lot
of a lot of time that goes into having a
baby you spend time at home you're
isolated you want to cultivate a social
network even if it's only digitally
that's what I think that that's not so
bad
you know when people post the pictures
of themselves or they like their
parenting tips or something like that
doesn't bother me that much when I was
like 23 I was a little smarmy about it
you know how to why did we pick up moms
I your idiot
I don't want to see this people in my
life that I used to be acquaintances
with our having children and I sir I
didn't sign up to this website to see
children
it's an enormous inconvenience so later
my filet mignons Cole
you know like it's not that big of a
deal but at the time I was maybe like a
little will smarmy about it great name
for us an out-of-touch rapper as well
we'll smarmy the chicken or fish oil has
elapsed to please what is that voice and
can I do it again ahead to that you
please that's not quite the same there
is a unique sort of like Kermit the Frog
--is-- nips in your voice the first time
that I'd like to return to it possible
so with moms I apparently we're shooting
behind us every single time so we got to
be very cautious about this but Facebook
basically sucks now I don't know maybe
it's like Facebook sucks when you're
over the age of like 22 but it was kind
of getting there for sure because here's
like the evolution of my facebook
network everybody at this point either
post mom stuff political stuff or they
stop posting but if you started like age
18 it was like making events going cool
photo posted on people's walls hey what
are you doing tonight you know come over
to the quad I don't think my school had
a quad but anyway you get the idea
then by like 20 it was like graduation
like by the way I got a job offer and
Ornstein yelling and nearly okay so
that's cool like I want to know what you
guys are up to then it like 22 it was
like just photos of people like in
volleyball if--and you're like well this
is just becoming braggadocious I haven't
spoken to you in you know six years and
now there's all these photos of you just
like hanging out on the beach or
something like I'm not disparaging your
ability to hang out on the beach I'm
just saying like I'm not sure I need to
see these and then it's like I met the
most beautiful man in the world you know
y'all have sweet and then it's like
mommy stuff or political stuff if you've
made the decision to not have children
maybe that's I'm not going to risk going
back to that if you got something for me
let me know if you've made the decision
and not have children your poster
political stuff if you're posting at all
if you've made the decision to have
children you're posting mommy stuff if
you're posting anything at all that's a
little spooky there that's my my
facebook experience in 2017 so I think
we should take this and then hopefully
get something amazing for free which is
exactly what flipping happened there so
like that's pretty dope twitter is
definitely like what are we on run utero
one so we could fight mega Satan I kind
of want to reroll this into something
cool but I'll give myself the chance at
least to fight mega Satan we definitely
want to go fight hush because
everything's free if we can have the HP
necessary to swing it at least Twitter
is the social network for me because
it's like a nihilist social network
where everything you post is it's not so
bad actually everything you post is a
satirical sort of thing and also the
subtext is like we're all going to die
someday it's like the most Hegelian
social network out there which which
appeals to me I hate to do this but I
basically have to sit here and play this
slot machine to get enough HP to survive
the hush fight holy Mantle's going to
help out a great deal but we're probably
going to take a hit from our imp attack
on every single room so the real goal is
to just get through it like as quickly
as possible I mean that's about it
don't have anything more to say about
the situation than that I mean like is
there a more a more tired sort of
conversation at this point in time than
hey BAE Facebook is bad but you know we
are Facebook dude we did it to ourselves
I kind of wanted to handle this in a
slightly different way but basically I
wanted to use the sun cards that had
made it possible for me to see the map
but also go check out you know possibly
kill a room at the same time so it was
unfortunately just ended up fighting
enemies that don't die that easily the
problem with Facebook is that you know
if you want to have an honest Facebook
experience there's only like two options
if you only post the good stuff you're
bragging you know I'm guilty of Facebook
bragging good editing my younger days
for sure you know definitely when I went
to Iceland took a picture of my like
media name tag and looks like just have
a couple days in Iceland you know like
it's no big deal inside I was like this
is the biggest deal but if you only post
the good stuff you're bragging and the
only purpose of bragging is not to keep
people posted it's to make other people
envious of you which is a very base
level bad look but if you post
everything it's too much information you
know if you if you put the good stuff up
there the mundane stuff which is 99
percent of it and then the good stuff as
well the good stuff the bad stuff in the
mundane stuff you're going to be posting
non-stop having a turkey salad sandwich
today and then nobody wants to see that
I guess the other uses you could put
like song lyrics up there or something
but yeah you'll get over that I promise
ok so we should try to make the hush
fight I just realized that's fine that's
fine just realize that spent a lot of
time in here so let's go try to make
that happen we got the damage necessary
to make it happen so that's ok
definitely like if you got met people in
college that were like I don't have a
Facebook and you're like wow weird why
would you not have a Facebook it's like
a social necessity to have a Facebook
not not like you're being a social
butterfly necessarily but just like
that's how people get in touch and like
have events and stuff like that it's
important it did sort of was at the time
as weird as that sounds in hindsight but
now you know people are like I don't
have a Facebook I'm like you are let's
hang out like can you give me your
telephone numbers so we can have some
conversations because it seems like you
got your head screwed on straight you
mean you don't have to tell people you
haven't seen in 12 years that you're
going to Cabo San Lucas for a weekend I
didn't know that that was in the in the
social contract that you could just opt
out of that you mean you don't have to
share a post of a wine bottle sized wine
glass with the hashtag mom Eagles just
because you signed on 9gag I thought
that was like written into the
Constitution so I not a huge fan of this
fight at this point but we made it
happen and we like totally made it
happen because we also managed to get
the oh the doors going to be closed
isn't it still we made a sacrifice for
what I would consider to be like a
mildly okay cause we got our deal with
the devil or we got our deal with the
angel I should say yeah that's a bummer
I mean that's I missed it by six seconds
you mean I miss my major by a couple of
seconds so I'm in the shop class or the
basket weaving with all the rest of them
MF errs underachieving mother fathers
underachieving
I was thinking too cuz you know while I
was away I did I went back to my high
school I have to say to present this
award and it might seem like I'm
bragging but really it's just because
I'm a 28 year old man and if I just say
I went back to my high school you'd be
like this guy's freaking creep right no
I just I went back to my high school to
present that award and thinking like
what's it like to be graduating from
high school in 2017 I graduated from
high school in 2006 so it's a big
difference you know if you if you're
graduating this year I graduated when
you were like eight not if we're not
super far off here now so I'm trying to
keep myself you know relevant but you
know they say like what the what the
people are doing when they graduate this
is just one sample size first off you
know there's 17 to 18 so who knows right
you know they could be saying one thing
and then in three years their life will
be in a totally different situation
which is completely fine there's so many
people they're like you know so-and-so
graduated they got the award in this and
then they're coming back to the height
it's our fourth Steam sale we didn't
pick up our third one technically
they're coming back to the high school
next year this person you know you need
a little bit more history which is
probably going to be not the most
exciting thing but basically school runs
from kindergarten until the 12th grade
in Ontario but I used to run until like
2002 it ran from kindergarten until the
13th grade so you were one year older
when you graduated from high school so
many students around that age Joseph II
was known as a victory lap where you
returned for a fifth year of high school
you know shore up your marks I'm going
to be honest with you it's basically a
good opportunity to have a part-time job
take whatever classes you wanted to take
that you couldn't fit in or classes you
want to shore up your average a little
bit before applying to post-secondary
school or jobs etc etc probably like 15%
of my graduating class did that and I'm
actually asking from a place of like if
you're in this age group what am i off
base here
with the numbers at least it seemed like
50% roughly that is a pretty rough
approximation we're like I'm going to
take an extra year of high school before
I choose what to do and on the one hand
I'm like that's good because you're 17
18 to expect you to have an idea of what
you want to do for the rest of your life
is not plausible for everybody guess
we're just going to fight I do like the
leprosy item dry babies wonderful you
know what this is a horrible idea but I
kind of want to try it will you will you
allow me to try this here see the thing
with sprinkler is that it's gonna you
know shoot epic Akshata that I'm going
to have to dodge weird not I want those
we might be able to make something
happen with that health upgrade pill
again I'm going to try it with the
knowledge deep in my heart that I could
easily die here but gonna put it up
there and see see how it goes
just get ready to try to dodge some
shots from time to time ah
um oh yeah anyway the point is it's like
unreasonable to expect an 18 year old to
know what they're going to do with their
lives it's just it's a ridiculous
premise you do have to choose at some
point but you know it's pretty young but
on the other hand I was like you've got
to get out of here
you're just not like you're delaying
your career for another year and I'm
sure like when you leave them high
school many people not everybody
obviously when many people are going to
have like good memories of it dude the
mom's eye sprinkler is so funny looking
but I was like you guys got it got to
get out and experience the world I guess
you don't have to do it right now
you could wait until you know you're
legally able to like sign a document but
I was kind of surprised because when I
graduated almost everybody was like I'm
out like I got to go to the big city man
and by big city I mean you know a city
that's slightly bigger like Ottawa or
something like that I was just surprised
that you know I'm not sure if it's a
generational thing or a one-off
statistic
you know variance sort of situation or
what but seems like least the kids at my
old high school are definitely way more
open to just kind of hanging out for
another year
anyway it's irrelevant in the end thanks
for watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode just you did click the like
button helps out a great deal of course
subscribe you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
thanks for your support and I'll see you
next time